>> Mathew DesLauriers: Maybe
you had a moment to try and
work on this exercise that we had up here.
If not, that's okay too.
We can just talk about it a bit.
I can show what I came up with
when I was experimenting with
this idea of instructions.
And this is one of the outputs.
The colors look a little bit
different on the projected artwork
than they do on the final artwork.
But sort of the same idea, and when you
project that kind of an image onto a 3D
scene, which is not something we're gonna
get into today cuz it involves blender and
three dimensional animation softwares
which we're not gonna get into.
But, just know that you can take these
images that you're exporting with Cmd+S or
Ctr+S from kernel sketch.
And you can use those in
other forms of media, or
you can continue to design with those and
continue to tweak those in different ways.
Here's another export.
And this is just using the same exact
formula, or the same exact algorithm.
It's just trapezoids that are overlapping,
and each trapezoid is colored differently.
Each trapezoid has a stroke, and
the stroke is the same as the background.
So you can start to see these
disconnections between them.
And I also did a few other small things.
Like I used a slight opacity, instead of
filling it completely with a solid color.
So you can start to see some of
them are almost like stained glass,
showing the background image or
the content behind them.
And also generally when I do this kind of,
this artwork with 2D shapes,
I then put the image through Photoshop or
through a similar software and
add a bit of noise, add a bit of grain.
Just to do some final processing on it.
I just find that it ends up sharing much
better when you share it on Instagram or
online, or something like that.
And there it is again
projected onto an actual wall.
So this is kind of taken the idea
of Sol LeWitt's wall drawings,
taking the same idea of using
instructions to create simple
scenes that are random and generative.
And then producing actual murals, or in
this case, virtual murals using that code.